[MUSIC PLAYING]
SURMA: ES6 native modules
have stable support
on Chrome 60 and Safari 10.
Other browsers have it in
development and behind a flag.
So while a couple of browsers
can handle the new import
and export syntax,
others cannot.
The question is, what do
you ship to the browser?
Traditionally, you
would have two choices--
use Babel to transpile
the native module
syntax to one of the
older open source formats,
like CommonJS AMD or SystemJS,
or bundle your modules
into one file using Rollup.
The former requires you to
load an additional loader,
while the latter produces big
monolithic JavaScript files
that don't cache very well.
Surprisingly, another
solution is to do both--
include both the native
and the transpiled version
of your code.
The transpiled version
gets the nomodule attribute
on the script tag, while
the module version must have
type="module".
Browsers that
support type="module"
also ignore script tags
with nomodule attribute.
So in this case, only one of
the two versions will be loaded.
Browsers without module support
won't load the type="module"
script tag, as they don't
know what the type is.
And these browsers
also don't know
what nomodule means,
which means they
will load this script instead.
As you can see, every browser
will only load one version.
This allows you to
deliver better performance
to newer browsers without
breaking older ones.
Hooray for modules.
See you next time.
Do you sometimes sit at home
and think, I could really
use some live coding right now?
I can help with that, because
our most recent live stream is
right over there.
And if you want more
Micro Tips, subscribe.